add spiderpool into addons (#44097)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/addons.md

  Pods and non-Kubernetes environments with visibility and security monitoring.
* [Romana](https://github.com/romana) is a Layer 3 networking solution for pod
  networks that also supports the [NetworkPolicy](/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/) API.

> * [Spiderpool](https://github.com/spidernet-io/spiderpool) is an underlay and RDMA

Reviewer: From the Spiderpool project's [README](https://github.com/spidernet-io/spiderpool?tab=readme-ov-file):
Spiderpool is an underlay and RDMA networking solution for Kubernetes. Spiderpool is supported on bare metal, virtual machines, and public cloud environments.

Reviewer 2: Let's keep the text consistent with README.

Author: updated

* [Weave Net](https://www.weave.works/docs/net/latest/kubernetes/kube-addon/)
  provides networking and network policy, will carry on working on both sides
  of a network partition, and does not require an external database.

> * [Spiderpool](https://github.com/spidernet-io/spiderpool) is an underlay and RDMA network solution of 
>   Kubernetes, for bare metal, VM and any public cloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Spiderpool](https://github.com/spidernet-io/spiderpool) is an underlay and RDMA
  network solution of Kubernetes, designed for bare metal, VMs, and public clouds.
```
It can be inserted before Weave Net, to keep this list in an alphabetical order

Author: done
